and now it's time for another diced our
review with Tom vassal today we're
talking about two more expansions for
summoner Wars hulk strike and Goodwin's
blade these are both reinforcement packs
for the cloaks jungle elves vanguards
and fallen kingdoms
what that means is if you've already
bought those decks which came all four
of those were sold singly as single
decks these each of these there's
there's two packs and putting them
together each of these comes with
expansions for two different decks and a
few mercenaries in each of them now this
is the second time that I've talked
about reinforcements so you can look
back at my other one to see how
reinforcements work basically you're
picking some cards and and and
customizing a deck which is fun and it's
not too difficult it's not like there's
huge amounts of cards to go through
you're just picking between a few cards
the first expansion decks were cool but
these my friends are much cooler let's
take a look at what's inside them I
don't want to get into in depth about
the game well mostly because I'm not the
best player I'm not sure I ever win this
game oh actually no I just won the other
day whoa anyway but I do want to show
you some of the cards that are included
with this game first we have the
alpha-male your head wake up whatever
you know people are well anyway thanks
Harry Potter for showing up this is a
mercenary common that lets you look at
the top three cards at your draw pile
and you can put them on the bottom if
you want or back on the top of your draw
pile it's a very useful handy ability
and the owl itself isn't so bad I mean
has a one attacking to hit points so I
mean it's not a terrible one I don't
know that I would put this in my deck
very often but you know I don't dislike
it this one on the other hand I'm not a
big fan of I understand the point of it
it's as stone cloak it's it's
one it costs one to get out on the board
and it has three hit points and it has a
one attack which is a really cheap cost
the disadvantage is you have to put him
next to one of your walls and take three
basically three hit points away from the
wall to add to this thing he's like
sucking life out of one of your own
walls
I could see instances where this would
be useful it's not my play style though
moving on oh okay now this is this is
great okay I the I like all the decks of
this game and I like the falling
kingdoms a lot which I don't know what
that says about me but I really like
these three new comments firstly the
phantom who basically he can choose a
comment or a champion unit and if he
rolls a six or higher you discard to fan
them and take control of that unit that
is awesome awesome awesome I love these
guys there was a very similar unit in
heroscape very fun I very much liked the
Phantom's the koltes I liked too because
when they get killed there's a chance
that the person who killed them will
take a hit
the Reavers when they're destroyed
there's a chance that they're not if
they roll five or six they come back
with one health point so this whole
undead aspect keeps coming on of course
every unit here is cool we got the
cloaks with the snipers okay again these
are really cool units the sniper can
shoot five spaces away as long as they
move one or fewer spaces that's a really
neat ability and they're gonna be a real
pain your next specially since they're
rolling two dice but even cooler is two
slasher which almost should be called
like the ninja assassin because they
only roll one die big deal but they're
free to get out in the board they have
one hit point but one die what's the big
deal the thing is if they roll six it
counts as three hits come on now
you know that's rockin alright moving on
to the jungle elves we have an elephant
now this is unusual because the jungle
elves as when I talked about their army
they were all about speed these new
units aren't necessary about speed they
kind of add a strength arm to this army
we got the elephant which is a pretty
strong unit he can trample which means
he can walk through someone and give him
a damage when he's moving on the board
and he's a pretty strong creature as it
is and the gorilla who if he rolls all
hits on his dice he can roll it
very useful and makes him strong which
you know both of these creatures I love
that my deck then the jungle guard which
is possibly one of the most expensive
common units in the game costing four to
get out there but he's ranged with one
die but he also can add one to his die
attack when attacking someone adjacent
to him and he has for life so very
useful character of the jungle guard
then the Vanguard's we have angels which
you know come to think of the theme you
wonder why they weren't in the original
deck but hey angels are here now they
can move through other cards because
they can fly and the cavalry Knights and
instead of moving them normally you can
move them up to seven clear spaces away
so the Vanguard now moves up in a speed
thing with these cavalry almost up to
where the the jungle elves are now let's
talk about the champions yay we all love
the champions the blade of light add one
to our attack for each two cards in your
magic pile to a maximum of four this is
a really neat ability she has attack of
zero but if you can build up a pile of
magic you can make her attack of four
and that's pretty neat because you
didn't attack a four with five wounds
and the cost of three to get on the
board that is an amazing champion very
useful Jakob's also useful because
instead of attacking he can roll a dice
rolls through higher he does one hit
point to all the enemy units that are
within two spaces away from him so kind
of like this mega blast reminds me
Colossus from the old x-men game Colleen
here has a shield
whenever's one attacks them within two
spaces the unit only receives wound
markers from a four higher so a
defensive so again this team continues
to be defensive healing them to the
cloaks the Admiral again here's another
defensive guy when a friendly unit or a
champion that's within three spaces is
going to take a wound well you can
instead place all the wounds on the
Admiral here who if you notice has eight
of them very handy character to use in
the game Hall has a ranged attack plus
his regular moya TAC meat let's see some
more characters here she can add the
the jungle elves now have a champion who
can shoot four spaces away the champion
of the fallen kingdom when he destroys
someone he could steal a magic card haha
that's handy I'm gonna be using a lot
that we got the two mercenary champions
well this guy here instead of becoming
adjacent to a wall he can basically
discard a common unit you already have
on the board and he becomes that common
unit it's called the skies it's a pretty
handy unit because if you can manage to
get one of your common units on the
other side of the board you can get a
powerful unit over there I almost feel
like this guy would be too powerful when
used with the jungle elves or with the
cavalry because he they can get across
the board very quickly and he can
replace him that has a really powerful
unit near your enemies seminar and then
grubs a bodyguard very handy and
protecting your summoner so that's kind
of a quick overview of the cards in
these two expansions yeah well you're
always miss to see what was in the decks
anyway
if your summoner War fans you've already
bought both of these they're pre-ordered
on their way or something are you just
looking to see what I think of them
they're great come on now everything
summoner Wars is great buy them thanks
for joining us today for more written
audio and video reviews as well as the
number one board game podcast
check out the website at
www.ardexamericas.com